README.md, before:

# Theatherflix Open Source Project 
 [It's a project constructed with the foundations of NodeJS + React.JS + Redux - React-native - JavaScript - in the future also Python  for AI & Machine Learning unless we could convert it with JS]
#
       If you like to study these topics, don't hesitate to join it! 
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      IMPORTANT: 
      If you are one of the engineers, developers, someone documenting or a tester, don't forget there's a branch called 'development'. WE must use that first before to make a pull request to the master. 
      Create any issue about moving files etc. We in that way can avoid any kind of conflict regarding files or programming.
      Thanks!
#
  
|Version:
v2.3.0.2 rvc1.0


## What's this? Where are we going?

A visual tool for wiring the Internet of Things, digital movies, stored in your HD. Some sort of app to watch movies like netflix but offline in your TV, or any Desktop PC or in any other device.

It's an OpenSource Project[*] to create a platform to watch movies locally with all comfort - online in an app or offline in an app in your TV, or any Desktop PC or in any other device.

It's focused for people with no possibility to get a good Internet Connection and no possibility to get subscribed to any other kind of service, it will be a complete platform for free to use and to install it in any server, computer, or any other device. 

## Stages

The whole project is split into *FIVE (5)* stages**:

| Stage1        | Stage 2          | Stage 3          | Stage 4          | Stage 5
| ------------------ |:------------------- |:-------------- |:-------------- |:--------------
| Creation of a UI     | Back-end (the whole functionality)  |Debugging | Testing (UI + Back-end)    | Lager scale testing

**We're now in between stage 1 and 2.

## Technical stuff:

## Development vs Production (The master branch)
**Don't write initially in the master branch, all first goes to development**. then we pull request to master which is 'Production'.
If you want to download the whole development files, go to the 'development' branch -> 
https://github.com/NodeioLabs/theatherflix/tree/development

#If you want to clone the development branch follow this:
1. `git clone -b development --single-branch git@github.com:NodeioLabs/theatherflix.git`
2. `cd development` (which is downloaded as a folder named 'theatherflix' though, you rename it)
2. `npm install` (We can use Yarn too)
3. node (or nodemon) server.js


## The first version where all begun. It's in the Old_branch
If you want to download the old version stored, go to the old branch ->
https://github.com/NodeioLabs/theatherflix/tree/old_branch

#If you want to clone the old branch follow this:
1. `git clone -b old_branch --single-branch git@github.com:NodeioLabs/theatherflix.git`
2. `cd old_branch` (which is downloaded as a folder named 'theatherflix' though, you rename it)
2. `npm install` (We can use Yarn too)
3. node (or nodemon) server.js


### _Warning: The project will be unstable due changes, and the migration of the project to React, and other technologies slowly.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/node-red/node-red.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/theatherflix/theatherflix)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/node-red/node-red/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/theatherflix/theatherflix?branch=master) 

### Visit our websites:
https://nodeiolabs.github.io/theatherflix/

http://www.nodeio.us (nodeio labs)


### Join the conversation about Theatherflix using Slack!
https://nodeio-labs.slack.com. 


## Github notes for Engineers & Developers
Before any commit, don't forget this: (or we could lose all the work that other engineers and developers in the project could have done)
1. `git pull`

2. `git add .` (your contribs.)
3.  your contribs - commits ...


## Installation
To run the Theatherflix web app offline, you need to install the following;

1. Make sure you have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). Versions 6.0.0 and higher should work. We recommend that you use the most-recent "Active LTS" version of Node.js.
2. Make sure you have installed `npm` (NB: `npm` is distributed with Node.js- which means that when you download Node.js, you automatically get npm installed on your computer).   

### Check that you have node and npm installed

- To check if you have Node.js installed, run this command in your terminal:

`node -v`

- To confirm that you have npm installed you can run this command in your terminal:

`npm -v`

## Quick Start

1. `sudo npm install` (You can also use Yarn)
2. `node server.js` (recommend install nodemon)
3. Open <http://localhost:3000>


## Developers and collabs

If you want to run the latest code from git, here's how to get started:

1. Clone the code:

        git clone git@github.com:NodeioLabs/theatherflix.git
        cd theatherflix

2. Install the theatherflix dependencies

        npm install (You can also use Yarn)

3. Build the code

        npm run build

4. Run

        npm start
   or

        node server.js


** If you have the old config, don't worry, it will work anyway! _)

## Contributing

Before raising a pull-request, please read all carefully

This project adheres to the [Contributor Covenant 1.4](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/).
 By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable
 behavior to any of the [project's core team]


| We need more collaborations or people involved in this modest project which I think it could be cool, perhaps.
| time will tell. Feel free to add your credits.

## Important for new contributors: 
If you wanna be part of this: seriously, coding, documenting; write me out, and also check out the Changelog.md file:

https://github.com/NodeioLabs/theatherflix/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md


## Contact and Communications 

### **Note:** 
_Feel free to contact Felipe: felipe@nodeio.us if you wanna Fork the project to try something unique, and learn and test, and feel an Open Source Project in your hands too._

## Authors and contribs nowadays.



| Names of collaborators         | Github Links          | Remarks
| ------------------ |:------------------- |:--------------
| Felipe     | https://github.com/felipealfonsog | (Founder - felipe@nodeio.us)
| Antz      | https://github.com/antzshrek | (Main Collaborator - Management)
| Gonzalrick   | https://github.com/gonzalrick | (Collaborator)
| Vikas Singh Rajput    | https://github.com/rajvicky | (Collaborator)
| Bhagvat Lande         | https://github.com/BMLande    | (Collaborator)
| Prabhpahul  Singh     | https://github.com/prabhpahul | (Collaborator)
| Mmajidali             |https://github.com/mmajidali40 | (Collaborator)
| Hiago Machado         | https://github.com/HiagoMachado777 | (Collaborator)
| Patelvvipulgk         | https://github.com/patelvipulgk | (Collaborator) 
| Parikshit Hooda       | https://github.com/Parikshit-Hooda | (Collaborator)
| Douglas Alves         | https://github.com/dougtq | (Collaborator)
| Naimur Rahman Sourov  | https://github.com/nsourov | (Collaborator)
| Jpart                 | https://github.com/jpart-r | (Collaborator)



## Copyright and license
 
Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors, http://js.foundation under [the GPU/GPL](LICENSE).
Founded and Started by Felipe Alfonso Gonzalez, felipe@nodeio.us - C2018-Present.

Commit message:

some things added in this file. please read carefully.

README.md, after:

# Theatherflix Open Source Project 
 [It's a project constructed with the foundations of NodeJS + React.JS + Redux - React-native - JavaScript - in the future also Python  for AI & Machine Learning unless we could cover or write it with JS, which is very probable.]
#
       If you like to study these topics, don't hesitate to join it! 
    ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
      IMPORTANT: 
      If you are one of the engineers, developers, someone documenting or a tester, don't forget there's a branch called 'development'. WE must use that first before to make a pull request to the master. 
      Create any issue about moving files etc. We in that way can avoid any kind of conflict regarding files or programming.
      Thanks!
#
  
|Version:
v2.3.0.2 rvc1.0


## What's this? Where are we going?

A visual tool for wiring the Internet of Things, digital movies, stored in your HD. Some sort of app to watch movies like netflix but offline in your TV, or any Desktop PC or in any other device.

It's an OpenSource Project[*] to create a platform to watch movies locally with all comfort - online in an app or offline in an app in your TV, or any Desktop PC or in any other device.

It's focused for people with no possibility to get a good Internet Connection and no possibility to get subscribed to any other kind of service, it will be a complete platform for free to use and to install it in any server, computer, or any other device. 

## Stages

The whole project is split into *FIVE (5)* stages**:

| Stage1        | Stage 2          | Stage 3          | Stage 4          | Stage 5
| ------------------ |:------------------- |:-------------- |:-------------- |:--------------
| Creation of a UI     | Back-end (the whole functionality)  |Debugging | Testing (UI + Back-end)    | Lager scale testing

**We're now in between stage 1 and 2.

## Technical stuff**:

## Development** vs Production (The master branch)
**Don't write initially in the master branch, all first goes to development**. then we pull request to master which is 'Production'.
If you want to download the whole development files, go to the 'development' branch -> 
https://github.com/NodeioLabs/theatherflix/tree/development

#If you want to clone the development branch follow this:
1. `git clone -b development --single-branch git@github.com:NodeioLabs/theatherflix.git`
2. `cd development` (which is downloaded as a folder named 'theatherflix' though, you rename it)
2. `npm install` (We can use Yarn too)
3. node (or nodemon) server.js

** If you are going to work inside of the project please inform, and them comment everything and please from now on (12-04-2018) add your email inside of the code you might add as a comment as well; and keep working always in the development branch first. (Don't forget to use the issues inside of the Github platform.).-


## The first version where all begun. It's in the Old_branch
If you want to download the old version stored, go to the old branch ->
https://github.com/NodeioLabs/theatherflix/tree/old_branch

#If you want to clone the old branch follow this:
1. `git clone -b old_branch --single-branch git@github.com:NodeioLabs/theatherflix.git`
2. `cd old_branch` (which is downloaded as a folder named 'theatherflix' though, you rename it)
2. `npm install` (We can use Yarn too)
3. node (or nodemon) server.js


### _Warning: The project will be unstable due changes, and the migration of the project to React, and other technologies slowly.

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/node-red/node-red.svg)](https://travis-ci.org/theatherflix/theatherflix)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/node-red/node-red/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/r/theatherflix/theatherflix?branch=master) 

### Visit our websites:
https://nodeiolabs.github.io/theatherflix/

http://www.nodeio.us (nodeio labs)


### Join the conversation about Theatherflix using Slack!
https://nodeio-labs.slack.com. 


## Github notes for Engineers & Developers
Before any commit, don't forget this: (or we could lose all the work that other engineers and developers in the project could have done)
1. `git pull`

2. `git add .` (your contribs.)
3.  your contribs - commits ...


## Installation
To run the Theatherflix web app offline, you need to install the following;

1. Make sure you have installed [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/). Versions 6.0.0 and higher should work. We recommend that you use the most-recent "Active LTS" version of Node.js.
2. Make sure you have installed `npm` (NB: `npm` is distributed with Node.js- which means that when you download Node.js, you automatically get npm installed on your computer).   

### Check that you have node and npm installed

- To check if you have Node.js installed, run this command in your terminal:

`node -v`

- To confirm that you have npm installed you can run this command in your terminal:

`npm -v`

## Quick Start

1. `sudo npm install` (You can also use Yarn)
2. `node server.js` (recommend install nodemon)
3. Open <http://localhost:3000>


## Developers and collabs

If you want to run the latest code from git, here's how to get started:

1. Clone the code:

        git clone git@github.com:NodeioLabs/theatherflix.git
        cd theatherflix

2. Install the theatherflix dependencies

        npm install (You can also use Yarn)

3. Build the code

        npm run build

4. Run

        npm start
   or

        node server.js


** If you have the old config, don't worry, it will work anyway! _)

## Contributing

Before raising a pull-request, please read all carefully

This project adheres to the [Contributor Covenant 1.4](http://contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/).
 By participating, you are expected to uphold this code. Please report unacceptable
 behavior to any of the [project's core team]


| We need more collaborations or people involved in this modest project which I think it could be cool, perhaps.
| time will tell. Feel free to add your credits.

## Important for new contributors: 
If you wanna be part of this: seriously, coding, documenting; write me out, and also check out the Changelog.md file:

https://github.com/NodeioLabs/theatherflix/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md


## Contact and Communications 

### **Note:** 
_Feel free to contact Felipe: felipe@nodeio.us if you wanna Fork the project to try something unique, and learn and test, and feel an Open Source Project in your hands too._

## Authors and contribs nowadays.



| Names of collaborators         | Github Links          | Remarks
| ------------------ |:------------------- |:--------------
| Felipe     | https://github.com/felipealfonsog | (Founder - felipe@nodeio.us)
| Antz      | https://github.com/antzshrek | (Main Collaborator - Management)
| Gonzalrick   | https://github.com/gonzalrick | (Collaborator)
| Vikas Singh Rajput    | https://github.com/rajvicky | (Collaborator)
| Bhagvat Lande         | https://github.com/BMLande    | (Collaborator)
| Prabhpahul  Singh     | https://github.com/prabhpahul | (Collaborator)
| Mmajidali             |https://github.com/mmajidali40 | (Collaborator)
| Hiago Machado         | https://github.com/HiagoMachado777 | (Collaborator)
| Patelvvipulgk         | https://github.com/patelvipulgk | (Collaborator) 
| Parikshit Hooda       | https://github.com/Parikshit-Hooda | (Collaborator)
| Douglas Alves         | https://github.com/dougtq | (Collaborator)
| Naimur Rahman Sourov  | https://github.com/nsourov | (Collaborator)
| Jpart                 | https://github.com/jpart-r | (Collaborator)



## Copyright and license
 
Copyright JS Foundation and other contributors, http://js.foundation under [the GPU/GPL](LICENSE).
Founded and Started by Felipe Alfonso Gonzalez, felipe@nodeio.us - C2018-Present.
